---
# Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
# or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
# distributed with this work for additional information
# regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
# to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
# "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
# with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
#
#   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
#
# Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
# software distributed under the License is distributed on an
# "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
# KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
# specific language governing permissions and limitations
# under the License.

layout: default
---

# ASF - Data Privacy

Welcome to the Data Privacy website.

The Apache Software Foundation is committed to protect the privacy
of their Members, Committers and Users.

## Confused by the GDPR? Online Meeting on 28 Jun 2023

If you have questions about the GDPR in general, need to know something privacy related for your project work, or have questions about what kind of tools you can use for your project's website - you are welcome to join an online meeting on the 28 Jun 2023. 

Please follow this linke to [timeanddate.com](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/meetingdetails.html?year=2023&month=6&day=28&hour=19&min=0&sec=0&p1=970&p2=179&p3=224&p4=240) to see exact time.

If you have any specific questions or wishes we should talk about; please let me know beforehand so I can get the answers.

Please let me know if you want to attend by sending an e-mail to vp-privacy@apache.org

## Privacy related questions

If you have questions related to privacy at
The Apache Software Foundation which are not of confidential
nature, feel free to ask on our (privately archived) mailing list:

[privacy@apache.org](https://lists.apache.org/list.html?privacy@apache.org) (requires login to view)

If you have confidential questions, please reach out to
V.P., Data Privacy directly:

vp-privacy@apache.org

## Privacy complaints / Removal requests

If you have complaints relating to the GDPR or CCPA,
please reach out to:

vp-privacy@apache.org

Please note, we will reject requests generated by some automated tools.
Please see our [community FAQ](/faq/community.html#can-i-get-my-data-removed-using-3rd-party-services)

## Want to help? Spot an error?

The preferred way to submit improvements is by GitHub PR:
[Privacy@Github](https://github.com/apache/privacy-website)

If you don't want to submit PRs, you can also send your message
to either privacy@apache.org (many people read this list) or
to VP Privacy personally (vp-privacy@apache.org).

## Do I need a DPA when I run your software?

Short answer: no. Please see: [software users FAQ](/faq/software-users.html)

## Security issues

If you think you found a security issue, check out our
[Security page](https://apache.org/security) for information
on how to report this.
